# Data Analytics projects

 I created a self-led project after identifying one of the company’s biggest problems. 
Since the first day of my internship I realized that Matrix has many “End of Day” reports. These reports include their position performance at the end of the trading day. However, these reports lacked organization and were inefficient ways to organize their data. I remember many of the analysts faced significant problems that took a lot of time just to get access to a specific data set that they needed. After I saw that, I thought that I could come up with a solution that can fix this problem by making it easier for them to search for the data that they needed. I first created a large data base file that had all the information the analysts needed.

I realized that copying and pasting the data manually from excel to the data base file didn’t make any sense and was a very inefficient way; It could take years to move more than 5,400 files to one file. I created a program using python that can move all this data to the master file. I used NumPy and Pandas python libraries to support my program. The program starts as asking the user by entering the file that you want to move to which destination file. After that the program will display the excel file for him/her consists of rows and columns and ask the user if they want to move whole sheet or move from a specific column and rows. It took me exactly 36 days of work to finish this program and exactly two days to move all the data. 

This program saved a lot of time for the firm and they still connect with me till today about how this program makes it easier for them to access files necessary for the functioning of the company.
